clone gophercon workshops (#3414)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/resources/generative-ai-apps-devops/index.md

---
# Name of the webinar.
title: Generative AI, Apps, and DevOps | AI/ML Talks

> meta_desc: Dive into Generative AI, Apps, and DevOps through Lighting Talks and a workshop by experts in AI/ML [in person | Seattle]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: Dive into Generative AI, Apps, and DevOps through Lighting Talks and a workshop by experts in AI/ML (In-person, Seattle)
```

> meta_desc: Join us on Oct 19 at the Pulumi HQ (Seattle) - Dive into Generative AI, Apps, and DevOps through Lighting Talks and a workshop by experts in AI/ML.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
meta_desc: Dive into Generative AI, Apps, and DevOps through Lighting Talks and a workshop by experts in AI/ML [in person | Seattle]
```
